>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so
exactly like with array destructuring,
if the target that we're assigning
to in one of these destructurings
is already an existing location,
like an existing variable,
then we don't need to
keep the declarations on.
So for example, if I already had var first
and second having been created somewhere,
then I don't need the vars
on those to be included.
The same is gonna be true over here,
if I have a var first and
a var second,
I guess we can take off the third now.
If I've a var first and
a var second that all ready exists,
then I don't need a declaration
here to assign to it.
However, there is a little catch.
And that is, that because of our
history of overloading things,
the usage of this curly brace without
any declarator in front of it,
without anything else in front
of it makes JavaScript's
parser think that it's a block
rather than a destructuring pattern.
So this will end up throwing a syntax
error because that's not valid syntax for
a block.
And so, unfortunately because
of our history of having our,
overloading of curly braces,
meaning like fifteen different things,
they had to come up with some
sort of way to distinguish.
That this is a destructuring pattern and
not a block.
And the choice that they
made is both good and bad.
So here's how you disambiguate
a destructuring pattern that has no
declarator.
You have to wrap the entire
thing in a parenthesis.
Not just the pattern itself but
the whole statement has to
be wrapped in a parenthesis.
That's how you disambiguate that this is a
destructuring pattern instead of a block.
>> Kyle Simpson: Remember you don't need
those parenthesis if there is anything
else in front of it,
including a declarator.
Or, you recall that we
talked earlier with arrays.
That sometimes you wanna have a reference
to the object, in this case, as well.
So in the case where I wanna
grab a reference to the thing as
well as to the destructure it,
I could say temp equals,
and now I don't need the parenthesis.
Because this curly brace is no longer in
a position where it could be confused
with a block.
>> Kyle Simpson: So for that reason alone,
if I'm going to both destructure and
also capture the whole value, I actually
do prefer to do it in this order.
I prefer to list the first variable being
the one that captures the whole thing.
And then in the chain of assignment
have the destructuring pattern.
And it's because in the object case
it makes it nicer to not need to
use the parenthesis around it.
I will say that it is not all
that common that I need to do
a destructuring of objects
that I don't need to declare.
It's rare that I'm destructuring
to things that already exist but
when it does happen it's a little annoying
to have to remember the parenthesis.
And in those cases if I need
the variable anyway, just use it and
then you don't need to worry
about the parenthesis.